1. What are the typical Agile team roles and what parts of the development lifecycle
is each role responsible for?

A: 1) Product Manager (PM) is responsible for creating a strategy, roadmap and feature
definition of the product line.
2) Project Manager is responsible for overseeing a fixed project and delivering the progress
of the project on-time.
3) Designer is responsible for crafting a design of a product. Their work involves in
creating mock-ups, wireframe and interaction of the product.
4) User Researcher is responsible for examining and understanding user's behaviors
and discovering their needs and wants. They create a persona of the product.
5) Team lead is responsible for the technical management, direction and quality of products.
6) Developer is responsible for overall creation of technical products, maintenance and
integrity of the product.

2. Why do we use Kanban boards in Agile development?

A: Agile team relies on Kanban boards in order to stay organized for each task and
share the progress of the entire project. The kanban is consisted of task cells and
columns. By moving around those task cells depending on each stage of the project
described on the columns, the entire agile team can be aware of what is completed
and what needs to be done.

3. Explain velocity and sprint as if you were teaching another student.

A: Sprint is a time frame for creating a functional piece of product. In order to
produce a high quality product with faster speed, an agile team sets the time frame
and each team focus on different aspects of the product to meet their target while
collaborating with other teams.Velocity is a measurable quantity assigned for
each sprint and agile teams use the metric to track how much amount of work your
team can get through. By doing this, the agile team can estimate the delivery time
of the product. For example, by tracking how many tasks each team finishes everyday
considering the number of people and time it took to finish per task, the team
can average out those measures and extract the velocity.


4. What format makes a good user story?

A: Good format of a user story explains wants and needs from a standpoint of
a user, product manager and developer. The typical user story tends to follow:
As a < type of user >, I want < some goal > so that < some reason >.

5. What are different estimation methods teams can use? Explain pros and cons of each method. Which method would you prefer?

A:
Fibonacci Numbers Pros:
- Relative sizing of tasks
- Very precise measure of velocity

Fibonacci Numbers Cons:
- Because it's too precise, a lot of time is spent on discussing whether each project is
a 2 or a 3, or a 3 or a 5
- Inconsistent across teams. Some team's 5 may be different team's 20.
- Feel uncomfortable to assign a number which doesn't mean nothing

T-shirt sizes Pros:
- Appropriate level of precision (not too precise as Fibonacci)
- Relative sizing

T-shirt sizes Cons:
- Inconsistent across teams
- Some people may associate each level as a hour

I like T-shirt size estimation more since I easily grasp the relative size of each project.
For Fibonacci numbers, I cannot really differentiate whether the task is 2 or 3.

6. Give a real-world example of a development project, and explain the breakdown into epic(s), slices, cards, and tasks.

Epic: As a customer, I want to be able to have wishlists so that I can come back to buy
products later

Card #1: As a customer, I want to be able to save a product in my wishlist so that I can
visit it again later
Task #1 : Put 'Add to wishlist' button on each product page
Task #2 : Create new db to store wishlist items

Card #2: As a customer, I want to be able to view my wishlist so that I can buy items
from it
Task #1 : Create page to display user's wishlist
Task #2 : Add "View wishlist" link to homepage

Slices: Front-end, back-end, database

7. Explain in your own words what a dual-track system is and what advantages it provides.

Dual-track system is an agile team structure where a team is divided into discovery side
and delivery side. Discovery side is comprised of a product owner, user researcher and designer
and their role is to come up with a new idea or revise existing feature, test the idea and draw a
strategy whether the feature is feasible to get rolled out or not. Based on the result of the
discovery side, delivery side, who are comprised of a project manager, team lead and developer,
code up the ideas and create the products. Advantage of adopting this team structure is that
they can rapidly adopt to new ideas and fix the existing known issues as practicing
'failing fast' principal.

8. * Planning a vacation.

Epic #1: Find where to go on a vacation

  Card #1: want to decide destination (L)
    Task #1: List up places I always wanted to go
    Task #2: Talk to my travel buddy and hear what he/she has to say

  Card #2: want to decide what to do there (M)
    Task #1: List up things I want to do at the destination
    Task #2: Talk to my travel buddy and hear what he/she has to say

Epic #2: Secure vacation days

  Card #1: want to decide how long we can go to vacation (XS)
    Task #1: Look at my work calendar
    Task #2: Ask my travel buddy which dates are available

  Card #2: want to get an approval of taking vacation  (XS)
    Task #1: Look at how many vacation days/PTOs I have
    Task #2: Ask how many vacation days/PTOs my buddy has
    Task #3: Talk to our managers and get an approval

Epic #3: Find budget of the travel

  Card #1 : want to know how much I can spend for this trip (S)
    Task #1 : Look at my bank account and see how much saving I have
    Task #2 : Talk to my buddy and ask how much he/she can spend for this trip

  Card #2 : Based on the result of transportation and hotel search, want to know
  how much the travel costs (L)
    Task #1 : Jump to epic 4 and 5 and have a sense of how much it costs
    Task #2 : Talk to my buddy and agree on the cost

Epic #4: Book flight

  Card #1: want to decide which flight to book (M)
    Task #1 : Go to online flight booking site
    Task #2 : Find the best optimal flight
    Task #3 : Discuss with travel buddy

  Card #2: want to secure the flight (XS)
    Task #1 : Go to online flight booking site
    Task #2 : Book the flight

Epic #5: Book hotel

  Card #1: want to decide which hotel to stay at (M)
    Task #1 : Go to online hotel booking site
    Task #2 : Find a best matching option for our budget
    Task #3 : Discuss with travel buddy what he/she has to say

  Card #2: want to secure the hotel (XS)
    Task #1 : Go to online hotel booking site
    Task #2 : Make a reservation on a hotel we decided

Columns needed: Plan, In Progress, Done

Project

https://trello.com/b/6s7fxKch/hacker-news-clone-project

I have chosen T-shirt size estimation method since it's easy to see the relative
estimates for the project.
